updates (#47)
InsightRX/PKPDsim: vignettes/estimation-nlmixr.Rmd

---
title: "Estimation: nlmixr2"
output: rmarkdown::html_vignette
vignette: >
  %\VignetteIndexEntry{Estimation: nlmixr2}
  %\VignetteEngine{rmarkdown::render}
  %\VignetteEncoding{UTF-8}
---

# Introduction

While the `PKPDsim` R package does not include functionality to perform population estimation within the package, it does offer

> a convenient translator to be able to use the [`nlmixr` R package](http://nlmixr.org) for parameter estimation. `nlmixr2` allows fitting of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a convenient translator to be able to use the [`nlmixr2` R package](https://nlmixr2.github.io/nlmixr2/) for parameter estimation. `nlmixr2` allows fitting of
```
